Update RELEASES.md for 1.50.0 (#80812)
rust-lang/rust: RELEASES.md

Version 1.50.0 (2021-02-11)
============================

Language
-----------------------

> - [You can now use `const` values for `T` in `[T; N]` array expressions.][79270]

Reviewer: `T` is normally used as a placeholder for a type, but here it's being used as a placeholder for a value. Can I suggest `x` instead?

> - [You can now use `const` values for `x` in `[x; N]` array expressions.][79270]

Reviewer 2: Not sure how much we want to acknowledge it, but this was already true, just not something we had intentionally stabilized.

Maybe something like "This has been possible since 1.38.0, as it was unintentionally stabilized."

- [Assignments to `ManuallyDrop<T>` union fields are now considered safe.][78068]

Compiler
-----------------------

> - [Added tier 3\* support for the `armv5te-unknown-linux-uclibcgnueabi` target.][78142]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Added tier 3\* support for the `armv5te-unknown-linux-uclibceabi` target.][78142]
```

Reviewer 3: The PR description is outdated.

> - [Added tier 3 support for the `aarch64_apple_ios_macabi` target.][77484]

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [Added tier 3 support for the `aarch64-apple-ios-macabi` target.][77484]
```

\* Refer to Rust's [platform support page][forge-platform-support] for more
information on Rust's tiered platform support.

Libraries
-----------------------

- [`proc_macro::Punct` now implements `PartialEq<char>`.][78636]
- [On Unix platforms, the `std::fs::File` type now has a "niche" of `-1`.][74699]
  This value cannot be a valid file descriptor, and now means `Option<File>` takes
  up the same amount of space as `File`.

Stabilized APIs
---------------

- [`UnsafeCell::get_mut`]
- [`bool::then`]
- [`RefCell::take`]
- [`btree_map::Entry::or_insert_with_key`]
- [`hash_map::Entry::or_insert_with_key`]
- [`slice::fill`]

The following previously stable methods are now `const`.

- [`IpAddr::is_ipv4`]
- [`IpAddr::is_ipv6`]
- [`Layout::size`]
- [`Layout::align`]
- [`Layout::from_size_align`]
- `pow` for all integer types.
- `checked_pow` for all integer types.
- `saturating_pow` for all integer types.
- `wrapping_pow` for all integer types.
- `next_power_of_two` for all unsigned integer types.
- `checked_power_of_two` for all unsigned integer types.

Cargo
-----------------------

- [Added the `[build.rustc-workspace-wrapper]` option.][cargo/8976]

>   This option sets the `rustc` wrapper to use to build workspace members.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  This option sets a wrapper to execute instead of `rustc`, for workspace members only.
```

> - [`cargo:rerun-if-changed` will now if provided a directory scan the entire

Reviewer 6: typo?

  contents of that directory for changes.][cargo/8973]

> - [Periods (`.`) are now allowed in feature names.][cargo/8932]

Reviewer 7: I would recommend not including this.  It is not allowed on crates.io, and is only relevant to people who plan to never publish there (the restriction was recently added, and only one user had an issue with it).

```suggestion
```

Author: How would you feel about, instead of removing it, including a sentence saying they are still not allowed on crates.io? I feel that makes clear enough to keep it.

Reviewer 7: Nothing has really changed, so I'm not sure it's worth noting.  All characters have historically been allowed, and they are still allowed.  In 1.49, a warning was added that we intend to restrict the syntax in the future (https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/8814).  One user reported they were using periods, so that particular part was reverted (and [backported to 1.49](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/8943)).  So, in essence, nothing changed in this release.

Author: Ah okay, seems reasonable not to include then.

- [Added the `--workspace` flag to the `cargo update` command.][cargo/8725]

Misc
----

> - [The search results tab and help button are focusable with keyboard in rustdoc.][79896]

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [The search results Tab and Help buttons are focusable with keyboard in rustdoc.][79896]
```

Author: I'm not sure it's correct capitalise here?

Reviewer 5: Ah, nevermind, I had read the sentence as "... (tab and help) buttons", which is why I added the plural. Perhaps:
```suggestion
- [The search results tab and the help button are focusable with keyboard in rustdoc.][79896]
```

- [Running tests will now print the total time taken to execute.][75752]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

- [The `compare_and_swap` method on atomics has been deprecated.][79261] It's
  recommended to use the `compare_exchange` and `compare_exchange_weak` methods instead.
- [Changes in how `TokenStream`s are checked have fixed some cases where you could write
  unhygenic `macro_rules!` macros.][79472]

> - [Using `#![test]` as an inner attribute is now a hard error.][79003]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [`#![test]` as an inner attribute is now considered unstable like other inner macro attributes, and reports an error by default through the `soft_unstable` lint.][79003]
```

- [Overriding a `forbid` lint at the same level that it was set is now a hard error.][78864]
- [Dropped support for all cloudabi targets.][78439]
- [You can no longer intercept `panic!` calls by supplying your own macro.][78343] It's
  recommended to use the `#[panic_handler]` attribute to provide your own implementation.
- [Semi-colons after item statements (e.g. `struct Foo {};`) now produce a warning.][78296]

> - [Panics in `drop` implementations no cause return values in functions to be leaked.][78373]

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
- [Panics in `drop` implementations no longer cause return values in functions to be leaked.][78373]
```

[cargo/8725]: https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/8725
[`IpAddr::is_ipv4`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/net/enum.IpAddr.html#method.is_ipv4
[`IpAddr::is_ipv6`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/net/enum.IpAddr.html#method.is_ipv6
[`Layout::align`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/alloc/struct.Layout.html#method.align
[`Layout::from_size_align`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/alloc/struct.Layout.html#method.from_size_align
[`Layout::size`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/alloc/struct.Layout.html#method.size
[`Ord::clamp`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/cmp/trait.Ord.html#method.clamp
[`RefCell::take`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/cell/struct.RefCell.html#method.take
[`UnsafeCell::get_mut`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/cell/struct.UnsafeCell.html#method.get_mut
[`bool::then`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/primitive.bool.html#method.then
[`btree_map::Entry::or_insert_with_key`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/collections/btree_map/enum.Entry.html#method.or_insert_with_key
[`f32::clamp`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/primitive.f32.html#method.clamp

> [`f64::clamp`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/primitive.f64.html#method.clamp

Reviewer 9: `{Ord,f64,f32}::clamp` are missing from the list above.

Version 1.50.0 (2021-02-11)
============================

Language
-----------------------

> - [You can now use `const` values for `x` in `[x; N]` array expressions.][79270]

Reviewer 10: Note that *"`const` values"* is not exactly right, depending on interpretation. `[Vec::<i32>::new(); 10]` is not accepted. It only works for actual constants, not values/expressions that are (or can be) const: e.g. `[EMPTY; 10]` with `const EMPTY: Vec<i32> = Vec::new();`.

- [Added the `--workspace` flag to the `cargo update` command.][cargo/8725]

Misc
----

- [The search results tab and the help button are focusable with keyboard in rustdoc.][79896]
- [Running tests will now print the total time taken to execute.][75752]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

- [The `compare_and_swap` method on atomics has been deprecated.][79261] It's
  recommended to use the `compare_exchange` and `compare_exchange_weak` methods instead.
- [Changes in how `TokenStream`s are checked have fixed some cases where you could write
  unhygenic `macro_rules!` macros.][79472]
- [`#![test]` as an inner attribute is now considered unstable like other inner macro attributes, and reports an error by default through the `soft_unstable` lint.][79003]
- [Overriding a `forbid` lint at the same level that it was set is now a hard error.][78864]
- [Dropped support for all cloudabi targets.][78439]
- [You can no longer intercept `panic!` calls by supplying your own macro.][78343] It's
  recommended to use the `#[panic_handler]` attribute to provide your own implementation.
- [Semi-colons after item statements (e.g. `struct Foo {};`) now produce a warning.][78296]

> - [Panics in `drop` implementations no longer cause return values in functions to be leaked.][78373]

Reviewer 2: This is going to get reverted on beta and master for now, so we should drop it. cc https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/81257
